Adds Note, webhook Event Log (#3604)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/release-notes/index.mdx

### Known Issues
* FusionAuth's hosted login pages no longer create an SSO session when signing in using an external IdP.
* <IssueResolvedVia resolvedIn="1.53.1" viaIssue="2861">A user may fail to enroll a new Passkey (WebAuthn credential) used for reauthentication during a login workflow. Previously configured Passkeys should continue to work as expected.</IssueResolvedVia>

> * Currently, FusionAuth's Webhook Event Log does not set a retention policy by default and may grow too large in volume which can result in an impact to performance when searching Webhook Event Logs. See issue for workaround. Additionally, users upgrading from version `1.53.0` of FusionAuth may experience longer upgrade durations to account for migrations performed on larger Webhook Event Log tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <RelatedToIssue issue="3008">Currently, FusionAuth's Webhook Event Log does not set a retention policy by default and may grow too large in volume which can result in an impact to performance when searching Webhook Event Logs.  for workaround. Additionally, if you are upgrading from version `1.53.0` of FusionAuth you may experience longer upgrade times due to the migration on a the Webhook Event Log table if there are a significant number of entries.</RelatedToIssue>
```

> * Currently, FusionAuth's Webhook Event Log does not set a retention policy by default and may grow too large in volume which can result in an impact to performance when searching Webhook Event Logs. See issue for workaround. Additionally, users upgrading from version `1.53.0` of FusionAuth may experience longer upgrade durations to account for migrations performed on larger Webhook Event Log tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <RelatedToIssue issue="3008">Currently, FusionAuth's Webhook Event Log does not set a retention policy by default and may grow too large in volume which can result in an impact to performance when searching Webhook Event Logs. Please refer to the Github issue for a workaround. Additionally, if you are upgrading from version `1.53.0` of FusionAuth you may experience longer upgrade times due to the migration on a Webhook Event Log table if there are a significant number of entries.</RelatedToIssue>
```

>   * Related to [GitHub Issue #3008](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues/3008)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
